---
title: "nobody's perfect: a list of failed projects"
layout: post
---

# this is gonna be a long site
created: 24.08.2021

# failure plays a crucial part in the learning process
So in order to learn a lot you also have to **fail** a lot. But I also think that not every failure is equally good/ bad. Some of my projects failed because of time-related parameters for example _deadlines_. Others failed because at the time when I was approaching the project I simply lacked the knowledge to realize my ideas.
And then there are projects that failed because I underestimated the amount of effort and/or resources it would take to realize them. Obviously some of these categories overlap, because if I had more knowledge I would have made progress quicker and the time-limits would not have been a problem.
# So - Let's begin!

# victims of time
_learning mapbox_
I only had a 1-month free trial and I didn't know any javascript at the time

_(not yet a victim but soon to be: jugendwort des jahres 2021_
I simply do not have the time and resources right now to do that

_pausebot_
I learned a lot and it was fun, but it was only trend that faded away

# victims of lacking knowledge
_further whatsapp analysis_
I need to know more data science techniques to realize that  !

_scraping pdf tables_
It's just fucking hard, definitely not impossible

_don't ask: mc donalds menu anaylsis_
My idea was to scrape all nutritional info about mcdo's products and then do cool functions on it.

# victims of being naive
_scraping municipalities of switzerland_
I did Austria which was already pretty hard but Switzerland added a lot of MORE shit that was hard

_scraping snapchat_
I don't have the facilities for that & permutations are important

_scraping oeamtc_
Again: calculate permutations for trying!
